A NEW YEAR BEGINS... “Everdell” Within the charming valley of Everdell, beneath the boughs of towering trees, Wandering the woods among meandering streams and mossy Gathering the stones hollows, a civilization of forest critters Wearing in the path is thriving and expanding. Ever since That leads to our home famed adventurer Corrin Evertail Laying down the floors discovered the hidden realm long ago, Raising up the walls the citizens have prospered under the Working through the days shelter of the enduring Ever Tree. Winter through to fall From Everfrost to Bellsong, many a year And we’ll play down have come and gone, but the time has Where the grass is thick come for new territories to be settled From the river drink and new cities established. You will be See stars come out to meet us the leader of a group of critters intent When all I need to do on just such a task. There are buildings Is be near to you to construct, lively characters to meet, In the evening breeze events to host—it will be a busy year! By the Ever Tree Will the sun shine brightest on your city before the winter moon rises? Farmer in the field Miner in the mud Prepare to be enchanted by the wondrous King up in his castle world of Everdell. Once you are here, you With berry blue blood might never, ever, want to leave. Schoolhouse in a tree Chapel in a stream We are side by side Building up our dream And we’ll lay down Where the grass is thick From the river drink See stars come out to meet us When all I need to do Is be here with you ‘Neath the changing leaves Of the Ever Tree 1

OVERVIEW In Everdell, you will be deploying workers to various locations on the board in order to gather resources, which you will use to play cards faceup in front of you, forming your own woodland city. Each turn you will perform only one of three possible actions: • Place a Worker • Play a Card • Prepare for Season You may place one of your workers on any spot, so long as it is not blocked by another player, or the location allows for multiple workers. Immediately claim the listed resources or perform the action. To play a card, you must pay the listed cost of resources. Cards may be played either from your hand, or from the area of faceup cards on the board called the Meadow. If all of your workers are deployed, you may prepare for the next season by bringing back all of your workers, gaining a new worker(s), and performing the action described for the following season. A player is finished when they have played through the last season and cannot perform any more actions. After all players have finished, the player with the most points is the winner. 2

CONTENTS 1 Game Board 4 Basic Event Tiles 24 workers (6 per player) Hedgehogs, Mice, Squirrels, Turtles Point Tokens (10 3-point, 20 1-point) 20 Occupied 1 8-sided Die Tokens (for Solo Game) 3 3

11 Forest Cards 1 Victory Card 16 Special 128 Critter & Construction Cards event Cards 30 Berries 30 Twigs 25 Resin 20 Pebbles 1 Ever tree L e g e n d G Paa yin : : p t la ak cee ll ii ss tt ee dd rr ee ss oo uu rr cc ee s o fr r op moi n yt o t uo rk se un ps pf lr yo m in tt oh e th g ee gn ee nra el r as lu p sup ply p. l y. Draw: take a card from the top of the deck and add it to your hand. Reveal: reveal cards from the deck for all players to see. tP oo ki en nt gamEn e d p oo if n ts Card Twig Resin Pebble Berry resA on uy rc e 4

SET UP 1) Place the board on the table. Place the Ever Tree on the stump at the top of the board. 2) Place the twigs, resin, pebbles, and berries in piles along the bank of the river. Place the point tokens and occupied tokens beside the board. 3) Shuffle the Forest cards and place them on the forest clearings. Use 3 cards for two players, or 4 cards for three or four players. Put the remaining cards back in the box. 4) Place the 4 basic Event tiles along the river, then shuffle the special Event cards and place 4 special Events on the lower branches of the Ever Tree. Put the remaining special Events back in the box. 5) Shuffle the main deck and randomly place 8 cards faceup in the Meadow. Place the deck inside the Ever Tree. 6) Each player chooses a color and starts with 2 workers of that color. The first player will draw 5 cards from the deck, the second player 6 cards, the third player 7 cards, and the fourth player 8 cards. 7) Each player places their 4 other workers on the upper branches of the Ever Tree: 1 worker on spring, 1 on summer, and 2 on autumn. The most humble player goes first. 5 5

6 1 6 Player 1 Player 2 7 6 cards 5 cards 4 4 2 2 There is no limit to the amount of resources a player may have during the game. If any of the resources run out, use something else as a substitute. 4 5 4 2 2 2 2 3 3 5 The facedown discard pile will be formed here. 6 6 Player 3 Player 4 8 cards 7 cards 6

There are two types of locations: HOW TO PLAY exclusive and shared (portrayed with an open encircling ring). Only 1 worker may visit an exclusive location. Multiple workers, even of the same Play proceeds clockwise. You color, may visit a shared location. will take turns performing one of the following actions. These actions may be performed in any order, but only one action may be taken per turn. Place a Worker Exclusive Shared or Play a Card or Prepare for Season To visit a location, place one of your workers on any available symbol and immediately take the listed resources or perform the action. That PLACE A WORKER worker is then considered deployed to that location until you bring them back Your workers are necessary for the with the Prepare for Season action. expansion and success of your city. You will be deploying them to various Example: Placing a locations in Everdell in order to gather worker on this location lets you draw 2 cards resources, draw more cards, host events, from the deck and gain or perhaps to embark on a journey. 1 point token. LOCATIONS TO VISIT INCLUDE Basic Action Spaces Forest Locations These are varied and generally more powerful locations that you can visit. In a two or three-player game, there is room for only 1 worker on each Forest location. The location spots with the symbol are only available in a four-player game. However, you may not place 2 of your own workers on a single Forest location. 7

Destination Cards Haven Example: If another The Haven location player places their worker on the Post is a shared space. Office, the owner gains 1 point. There is no limit to the amount of workers that may be placed on it, even of the same color. By going here, you may discard any number of cards from your hand, and gain 1 of any resource for every 2 cards you discard. Note: the discard pile is facedown. You may place a worker on any Destination card in your city, or on a Journey Destination card in another city that has an symbol, in which case the owner of the Destination gains 1 point token from the supply. Events You may also place 1 of your workers on any remaining basic Event or special Event to achieve it. To achieve the Event, you must Grand Tour requires meet all the listed In autumn only, you may send a worker your city to contain 3 requirements on the Destination cards. on a Journey. You must discard cards Event, and must pay any required resources equal to the listed points of the Journey at the time you place location you choose. The 5-point, your worker there. Only 4-point, and 3-point locations are one player may achieve exclusive, and the 2-point location is each Event. You have to shared. The deployed be able to achieve the worker is worth the Event to place a worker listed points at the on the Event. You get Pristine Chapel Ceiling the worker back like end of the game. requires your city to normal next season. You may send contain Woodcarver and Chapel. more than one Achieved Events should be placed beside your city for scoring at the worker on a end of the game. Note: You do not have Journey. to return your achieved Events if the required cards are later removed from your city. 8 8

PLAY A CARD Critters You may play one card. To play a card, you must pay the listed requirements into the general supply. Cards may be played from either the Meadow cards or from your hand. You will be playing these cards in front of you to form your city. There are two types of cards in the game: Critters and Constructions. You may have multiple copies of any Common card in your city, but you may only have one specific copy of any Unique card. Constructions Requirements You may pay the required cost in berries to play the Critter card, or if the Construction listed in the top left of the Critter card is already in your city, you may play the Critter card without paying the cost in berries. Points Important: When playing a Critter for free by using the related Construction, place an “Occupied” token on the Construction. You may only do this once per Construction. Note, the occupied token is not removed from the Construction card if the free Critter is later removed from your city. 9 stnemeriuqeR OR Cards in Deck Type Points Name City Limit Card Text Cards in Deck Type Name City Limit Card Text Free Critter

Drawing Cards City Your city has a maximum of 15 spaces Always draw cards from the deck, unless to play cards into. Each card takes up 1 specifically told to draw them from the space. Recommended layout is 3 rows with Meadow cards. 5 cards in each. Event cards do not count against this 15 card limit. There is a strict hand limit of 8 cards. You cannot ever have more than 8 cards in your hand. If you get to draw cards, you can only draw up to 8, no more. If you are required to give cards to an opponent, you must choose an opponent who has room in their hand, if possible; give as many cards as possible, then discard any remaining. If a Meadow card is played, immediately Suggested City Layout replace it with a new card from the draw pile. If an ability allows players to draw Card Types cards from the Meadow cards, draw all cards first then replenish. Tan Traveler: Activates once immediately when played. It If the deck ever runs out, shuffle the never activates again. discard pile to form a new deck. Green Production: Activates once immediately when Timing played, and once during the When a card is played, follow this order Prepare for Season actions in spring and autumn. of sequence, when applicable: 1. Use “card playing ability” Red Destination: Activates (Dungeon, Judge, Innkeeper, etc). when a worker is placed on it. 2. Pay resources or use Occupancy Cards with the symbol token. may be visited by opponents. 3. If the card comes from the Meadow, replenish the Meadow. Blue Governance: Grants you 4. Place the newly played card in bonuses after playing certain your city. (If the played card effect card types, and offers removes another card from your city, different ways to play cards that card is removed immediately for a discount. before the new card placement.) Purple Prosperity: Worth the 5. Resolve newly played card effect. base points and the listed bonus 6. Resolve triggered effects points at the end of the game. (Courthouse, Shopkeeper, etc). 10

PREPARE FOR SEASON Example: On your first turn, you place a worker on the 3 twig space and take the resources. On the following turn you place a worker on a If you have placed all of your workers Forest location to gain 1 twig, 1 resin, and 1 berry. and you cannot play a card or do not On the next turn you play a Farm from your wish to, then you must prepare for the hand by paying the listed cost of 2 twigs and next season. On your turn, bring back 1 resin; you immediately gain 1 berry from the all of your deployed workers, then gain Farm. On your next turn you play a Barge Toad from the Meadow by paying 2 berries, and then the listed bonuses for the next season, immediately gain 2 twigs from the Barge Toad as shown atop the Ever Tree. After because you have a Farm in your city. doing so, your turn is finished, and play continues with the next player. On your next turn, you do not have enough resources to play any more cards, and all of Thematically the game begins in late your workers are deployed, so you prepare for winter and ends as the next winter the next season. You bring back your deployed approaches. Autumn is the last Prepare workers, and then gain the bonus listed for for Season action you may perform in spring: gaining one new worker from atop the the game. Ever Tree, and activating all green Production cards in your city, which are your Farm and Barge Toad, immediately gaining you a berry Important: Players do not have to and 2 twigs. perform the Prepare for Season action at the same time. 11

When preparing for the next season, new workers from the Ever Tree join your growing city. Gain the In spring, you gain 1 new corresponding worker and activate the next season’s listed bonus. worker and activate all green Production cards in your city in any order you choose. In summer, you gain 1 new worker. There is no Production in summer, but green cards still activate immediately if played during summer. Also, you may draw up to 2 Meadow cards when you prepare for summer. In autumn, you gain 2 workers and activate all green Production cards in your city. 12

END GAME When you have reached the end of autumn and cannot perform any more actions (or do not wish to), you have finished the game and must pass. If a player has passed, they cannot be given any cards or resources. If cards or resources have to be given to a player and all other players have passed, discard instead. Any unfinished players continue playing until all players have passed. Then add up all points to determine the winner. You may find it easiest to add up the base value of each card, then come back and add up point tokens, purple Prosperity card bonuses, Journey points, and Events. If there is a tie, the player who achieved the most Events wins. If there is still a tie, the player with the most leftover resources is the winner. SCORING EXAMPLE (PAGE 14) Base points for cards: 22 Point tokens: 14 Prosperity card bonus points: 10 (3 for Wife, 2 for Architect, 5 for King) Journey points: 4 Events: 12 (6 for Performer in Residence, 3 for Ministering to Miscreants, 3 for Grand Tour) Total: 62 13

14

SOLO RULES according to colored types so you can clearly see how many he has of each color. The card’s ability and point value do When playing Everdell solo, you will be not matter. Replenish the Meadow card competing against a cantankerous old after he has played his card. After you have rodent known as Rugwort, and his pack of performed the Prepare for Season action, rowdy, rambunctious, rat ruffians. He will Rugwort immediately performs his Prepare be returning to Everdell for three years for Season action, which consists of these in a row, each time bearing a new title of steps: nastiness. You must find a way to overcome his dastardly tricks and rid Everdell of his 1) Check to see if he has enough of the filth once and for all! colored cards in his city to achieve any of the four basic Events. If so, place that The three years represent three levels of Event(s) in his city. difficulty, and are not meant to be played back to back as one full game (though an 2) Take his new worker and place it on adventurous critter might attempt such a the #1 Meadow card (#2 for summer, feat). and #3 & #4 for autumn), so by the end of the game he will have a worker on Year 1: “Rugwort the Rascal” the top 4 Meadow cards. You cannot Select a player color for Rugwort (he play these cards anymore, but Rugwort prefers black) and setup the game still can. according to the two-player setup. You have a starting hand of 5 cards, and 3) Moving counter-clockwise, move his Rugwort does not have a hand of cards. worker to the next Forest card. Take one of Rugwort’s workers and place During the spring Prepare for Season it on the top-left Forest card, blocking it. action, move his worker from the 3 twigs Place his other worker on the 3 twig action location to the 2 resin location. During space, blocking it. summer, move his worker to the 1 pebble location. During autumn, move his worker Play the game as normal with these new to the 1 berry and 1 card location. rules: In autumn, remove his worker from the Any time after you play a card, Rugwort 3rd Forest tile and place it instead on the gets to play a card. If you played a Meadow 3-point Journey space. card, first replenish the card. Scoring To play Rugwort’s card, roll the 8-sided die; Rugwort will score: 2 points per card in his the number rolled will determine which of city (3 points for each purple Prosperity the 8 Meadow cards Rugwort gets to play card), 3 points for each basic Event he into his city. The cards are numbered 1-8, achieved, 3 points for each special Event with the top-left being that you did not achieve, 3 points for his 1 and the bottom-right being 8. For worker on Journey, and any point tokens Rugwort’s city, place his cards in stacks that you gave him. 15

Year 2: “Rugwort the Rotten” Same rules as Year One with these additional rules: Place his worker on the 4-point Journey space instead of the 3. Rugwort gains 6 points for every special Event that you did not achieve, instead of 3. Year 3: “Rugwort the Rapscallion” Same rules as Year Two with these additional rules: Place his worker on the 5-point Journey space instead of the 4. During Rugwort’s autumn Prepare for Season action, he kidnaps one of your workers! Do not move his worker to the 1 berry and 1 card space—instead remove his worker and one of your workers from the game. Now you will only have 5 workers to use for the last season of the game. Beat him in Year Three and the bards of Everdell sing of your triumph! The historian records your victory to be preserved and remembered for all time! The old rat Rugwort skulks away, leaving Everdell in peace... for now. notes • Rugwort may have more than 15 cards in his city. • Any Meadow card that one of Rugwort’s workers is on is totally blocked and cannot be played, drawn, or discarded by you. • If you are required to give an opponent cards or resources, discard them instead. 16 16

INDEX during Production. May only share a space with 1 Wife. Critters Innkeeper: When you play a Critter, you may discard this Innkeeper from your city to decrease the cost of the played Critter by Architect: At game end, worth 1 point for 3 berries. You do not gain the 3 berries. This each of your leftover resin and pebbles, up to card cannot be combined with any other 6 points total. card-playing abilities—including the Inn, any Forest locations that allow you to play a card, Bard: Discard up to 5 cards from your hand, or cards like the Dungeon. to gain 1 point token for each card. Judge: When playing a Critter or Barge Toad: When played and during Construction, you may replace 1 of any Production, gain 2 twigs for each Farm in resource from the listed cost with 1 of any your city. other resource you have. Example: If a card costs 2 berries, you may pay 1 berry and 1 Chip Sweep: When played and during twig instead. Production, activate any 1 green Production King: At game end, worth 1 point for each card in your city. We know what you are basic Event, and 2 points for each special thinking, and we do not recommend it. By Event you have achieved. the time the poor thing caught his tail, he’d burned a hole straight through our table. Do Miner Mole: When played and during not ask him to do that. Production, you may copy any 1 green Production card in any opponent’s city. Doctor: When played and during Production, Basically the Miner Mole becomes that card you may pay up to 3 berries to gain 1 point for a moment—so if copying a General Store, token for each berry. you would receive 2 berries if that opponent also had a Farm in their city. You cannot Fool: The Fool is played into an empty spot in use a Miner Mole to copy a Storehouse in an opponent’s city. Stinks, don’t it? The fool another city. However, you can use a Miner may even be played into an opponent’s Mole in your city to copy a Miner Mole in city, if that opponent has already finished the another city, then activate a Storehouse in game! Solo Game: Rugwort can play the Fool your own city, placing the resources on your into your city. If you play the Fool, discard the storehouse, not on the Miner Mole. Solo Fool and remove any 1 card from his city. Game: You may copy any green Production card in Rugwort’s city with the Miner Mole. Historian: Draw 1 card after you play a Critter or Construction—basically every time Monk: When played and during Production, you play a card after you have this Historian, you may give up to 2 berries to an opponent you get to draw a card. to gain 2 point tokens for each berry you give. Also unlocks the 2nd Monastery room. Husband: Shares a space with a Wife, so combined they only take up 1 space in your Peddler: When played and during city. If you have a Farm in your City and this Production, you may trade up to 2 of your Husband is paired with a Wife, then this card resources for 2 of any other resource. Trade gives you 1 of any resource when played and with the general supply, not other players. 17

Postal Pigeon: When played, reveal 2 cards from the deck. You may immediately play 1 of these worth up to 3 points, for free. Discard the other. Solo Game: If you play a Postal Pigeon and activate its ability to play another card, that counts as you playing 2 cards, so on Rugwort’s turn he will play 2 cards. Queen: When you place a worker here, you may play any card from your hand or the Meadow cards worth up to 3 points for free. This refers to the base points of the card, not bonus points. Ranger: When played, move any 1 of your deployed workers to a new location, following the normal worker placement rules. Also unlocks the 2nd Dungeon cell. You may not place the Ranger in the second cell of the Dungeon. Shepherd: When played, gain 3 berries. Also gain 1 point token for each point token on your Chapel. Shopkeeper: Gain 1 berry after you play a Critter into your city. Do not gain a berry for playing this Shopkeeper. Teacher: When played and during Production, draw 2 cards. Keep 1 of them and give the other to any opponent that has room in their hand (see page 10, Drawing Cards). Undertaker: When played, discard 3 of the Meadow cards, replenish those 3 cards, then draw 1 card from the Meadow. Also unlocks the 2nd Cemetery plot. Wanderer: When played, draw 3 cards. The Wanderer does not take up 1 of the 15 spots in your city. Wife: Shares a space with a Husband, so combined they only take up 1 space in your city. At game end, worth 3 points if paired with a Husband. May only share space with 1 Husband. Woodcarver: When played and during Production, you may pay up to 3 twigs to gain 1 point token for each. 18 18

Constructions resources. The Critter in your Dungeon is no longer considered part of your city and is not worth any points. This card cannot Castle: At game end, worth 1 point for each be combined with any other card-playing Common Construction in your city. abilities—including the Inn, any forest cards that allow you to play a card, or cards like the Cemetery: When you place a worker here, Crane or Innkeeper. Dungeon can only have reveal 4 cards from the draw pile or discard up to 2 prisoners, but the second cell must be pile and play 1 of them for free. Discard unlocked by having a Ranger in your city. the others. Your worker must stay here permanently. Cemetery may only have up to Ever Tree: At game end, worth 1 point for 2 workers on it, but the second spot must be each purple Prosperity card in your city, unlocked by having an Undertaker in your city. including this Ever Tree. Ever Tree can grant 1 of any Critter for free. Chapel: When you place a worker here, place 1 point token on the Chapel. Draw 2 cards for Fair Grounds: When played and during every 1 point token on the Chapel. Production, draw 2 cards. Clock Tower: When you play the Clock Farm: When played and during Production, Tower, place 3 point tokens on it. Before you gain 1 berry. bring back your workers during a Prepare for Season action, remove 1 point token from the General Store: When played and during Clock Tower and activate one of the basic Production, gain 1 berry or gain 2 berries if or Forest locations where you have a worker you have a Farm in your city (not 2 berries deployed. Any points left on the Clock Tower per Farm). at game’s end will count towards your point total. Inn: When you place a worker here, play a Critter or Construction from the Meadow Courthouse: Gain 1 twig, 1 resin, or 1 pebble cards for 3 less resources of your choice. You every time you play a Construction into your do not gain the 3 resources. You gain 1 point city. You do not gain resources for playing this token if an opponent visits your Inn. Solo Courthouse. Game: you may visit the Inn in Rugwort’s City and Rugwort gains 1 point token. Crane: When you play a Construction, you may discard this Crane from your city to Lookout: When you place a worker here, decrease the cost of the played Construction copy any 1 basic or Forest location, even if it by 3 of any resource. You do not gain the 3 is occupied by 1 of your workers. resources. This card cannot be combined with any other card-playing abilities—including Mine: When played and during Production, the Inn, any forest tiles that allow you to play gain 1 pebble. a card, or cards like the Dungeon. Monastery: When you place a worker here, Dungeon: When you are playing a give 2 of any resources to an opponent Construction or a Critter, you may place a and then gain 4 points. Worker stays here Critter from your city beneath this Dungeon permanently. Monastery can only have up to to decrease the cost of the played card by 2 workers on it, but the second spot must be 3 of any resource. You do not gain the 3 unlocked by having a Monk in your city. 19

Palace: At game end, worth 1 point for each Unique Construction in your city, including this Palace. Post Office: When you place a worker here, give an opponent 2 cards from your hand and then discard any amount of cards from your hand that you want. You must be able to give the 2 cards in order to place a worker here. Then draw cards from the deck up to your hand limit. You gain 1 point token if an opponent visits your Post Office. Solo Game: You may visit the Post Office in Rugwort’s City and Rugwort gains 1 point token. Resin Refinery: When played and during Production, gain 1 resin. Ruins: When played, discard a Construction from your city and place this card in that spot, then receive back that Construction’s listed cost in resources. Also draw 2 cards. If you use Ruins (or any other ability) to remove a card with point tokens on it, you lose those point tokens. If you remove a card with a worker deployed onto it that is not there permanently, place that worker on the Ruins. If they were there permanently, they are lost with the ruined card. School: At game end, worth 1 point for each Common Critter in your city. Storehouse: When played and during Production, take from the supply and place either 3 twigs, 2 resin, 1 pebble, or 2 berries on this card. Also works as a location to place a worker and take all of the resources on the card. Theater: At game end is worth 1 point for each Unique Critter in your city. Twig Barge: When played and during Production, gain 2 twigs. University: When you place a worker here, discard 1 Construction or Critter from your city and receive back the listed cost of resources of the discarded card, plus gain 1 of any resource and gain 1 point. If you discard a card with a permanent worker on it, place that worker on the University permanently instead (you do not get the worker back). 2200

Tale of the Standing Stones As told by Poe the Legendary Storyteller Long ago and far away in the land of Gildin, a young mouse gazed at distant mountains and wondered what lay beyond. His was a life of hardship and turmoil, as was true for many a critter during those darker times. There was nary a drop of honey or nibble of blueberry to be found, as any and every available provision had been used in the Serpent War, when brave critters gathered together to fend off the serpents of the Northern Wilds. There among the poverty and desolation sat a mouse driven by dreams of hope. Corrin Evertail was his name. His father, a brave warrior, had lost his life to the war. With the news of his father’s death, Corrin’s mother passed away soon after, leaving Corrin an orphan on the dark streets of the port city of Stormwillow. Many were his adventures and narrow escapes during those formidable years of his youth, but quick thinking and iron will—and not a small amount of providence—saw him through. He remembered dreams of better lands beyond distant mountains. He knew that such a journey could very well be the death of him, but there was no future for him in Stormwillow. The time had come. Of his few friends, he could convince three to travel with him. Together they set out on a cold Greensprout morning, wanderers seeking a land they were not even sure existed. Many a story has been told of that long journey through Dunewaste desert and over the Spirecrest mountains. It was a harrowing 21 21

adventure that lasted for nine months and ultimately CREDITS claimed the life of Corrin’s dearest friend. But when the thread of hope that had pulled them through Game Design was at its thinnest, on the 19th day of Hopewatch, James A. Wilson the adventurers crested a final peak and beheld the wonder that they had been seeking. Illustration Andrew Bosley The sun was delighted that day as it broke apart the dark clouds that had frowned for so long, and shone Game and Creative Development its light upon the glorious emerald valley below. Dann May It was a land unspoiled by the stains of war and Brenna Noonan untouched by the devastation of greed. James A. Wilson After exploring the valley for many weeks, Corrin Art Direction & Graphic Design and his companions finally settled among the roots Dann May of what would one day be the monument of hope we know as the Ever Tree. He declared the valley to be Additional Graphics & Layout Everdell, and spoke a blessing upon it. Cody Jones Almost immediately after establishing a place to rest Marketing his head, Corrin set about erecting a monument to Brenna Noonan commemorate, and to never forget, the journey that was made to discover this sacred place. Production Management Cody Jones They raised up nine white stones, each representing a month of their journey. Into these stones they Executive Production carved memories, they carved hopes and dreams, Dan Yarrington and finally, a challenge for all of us who now enjoy such peace and comfort in our beloved realm. Playtesters Clarissa Wilson, Jacob Parker, These are the words of Corrin Evertail, etched into Nathan Wilson, Andrew & that stone and spoken now for us to never forget: Jordana Osborne, Justin Schaffer, Michael Mindes, Seth Jaffee, Joel There is no sorrow too black for hope. Eddy, Allen Chang, Cody Jones, Chris McMullen, Michael Fox, Even midnight gives way to the morning. Andrew Bosley, and special thanks Seize the day and make it sing. to Michael Cyr from BGG. Let your bell ring forever loud and true. Published by Now go, go into the world, and let your life be a Starling Games standing stone that will encourage and inspire Visit us online at Starling.Games others for many seasons to come. 22

